ZoneName	Text String 1	Text String 2
Medialogy - A Journey	 Greetings young one, and welcome to Medialogy,  a bachelor and masters degree at Aalborg University Copenhagen. To begin your quest, place your finger on top of your avatar and drag yourself through the path of Medialogy.	 Throughout your journey you will learn what Medialogy is all about, and in the end claim the ultimate reward: A job!__Good luck, and safe travels!
Sketching	 We start at the beginning, young one. When you begin at Medialogy, your head will be filled with ideas. But to translate these ideas into the real world you must be able to visualize them.	 At AAU, you will be taught the best methods for sketching your ideas, which will help you show other people how brilliant your ideas truly are!
Programming	 Young one, sketching will only get you so far. If you truly wish to realise your ideas, you must learn how to write code. Luckily AAU requires no prior experience, and over the course of three years, you will be lifted from a novice to a master.	_ It is challenging and hard work, but also a lot of fun!
Computer Graphics	 Shapes, sprites and polygons. The world of computer graphics will always be closely related to programming. To make your ideas work in real life, you will work with the tools necessary to make 2D and 3D graphics.	_ At AAU, you will begin on computer graphics along with the programming, starting on day one.
Physical Design	 The digital world is a wonderful place, but at some point you will need to get your hands dity, young one. Physical design will help you transfer your project from a sketch into the real world.	 AAU is a land of wonders and technology: 3D printers, electrical labs, workshops with wood and metal. All is possible!
Interaction Design	 In Medialogy you must always take the user into consideration, young one. And the user is a strange person. If you haven’t made your product easy to use, they will just go play Farmville instead.	 With interaction design, you will learn how users think and how to help them enjoy your product.
Animation	 Once you understand the digital and the physical world, it’s time to do some real magic: Animation._ You dont need to be Disney or Pixar to make things move, and already on first semester you will be animating.	_ AAU will teach you about both 2D and 3D animation, and by the end of your journey, you will be a master of animation.
Sound Design	 Pacman said wakka-wakka. Gordon Freeman said nothing. Sound design is about learning what audio works best for your particular project.	 You are almost done with Medialogy. Keep going!
The Job Market	 You have completed the education of Medialogy! _Now take a moment to browse the wide variety of jobs that are now availabe to you!	 You can also take a look at the skills that you've earned, in the Skill Book, in the upper right corner.
TV & Film industry	 Your work with animation and graphics will open doors in the world of moving images. 	 Areas like motion capture and special effects are avaliabe, with a bit more studying and practice.
Game Industry	 Medialogy gives you a lot of the skills needed to make a game: Programming, design, project management, quality assurance and more. 	 Plenty of Medialogy bachelors have made indie games before, and some have found their way into major game companies.
Academia	 Medialogy is a field in constant change. What's true today, might not be tomorrow. 	 That's why a lot of Ph.D.’s and professors do research in the field, so if you want a career in academia, it's available.
Art & Design	 You will spend time studying how and why some things work great, and why others work terribly. If you combine that with programming, you can create computer art. 	 If you combine it with management, you can become a well-paid consultant. If you combine it with research, you could design the next big IT-system.
